Two individuals are engaged in a game of rock-paper-scissors. The first person consistently utilizes his/her left hand for the initial four rounds, and his/her right hand for the fifth round. Similarly, the second person also employs his/her left hand for the first four rounds, and his/her right hand for the fifth round. The actions of the first person are as follows: he/she makes a fist for the first round, opts for paper for the second round, selects scissors for the third round, makes a fist again for the fourth round, and chooses paper for the fifth round. On the other hand, the second person selects paper for the first round, makes a fist for the second round, chooses scissors for the third round, makes a fist again for the fourth round, and selects paper for the fifth round.
Two individuals participate in a game of rock-paper-scissors. The first person consistently utilizes his/her left hand for the initial four rounds, and his/her right hand for the fifth round. Similarly, the second person also employs his/her left hand for the first four rounds, and his/her right hand for the fifth round. The actions of the first person are as follows: he/she forms a clenched hand for the first round, opts for paper for the second round, picks scissors for the third round, forms a clenched hand once again for the fourth round, and chooses paper for the fifth round. On the contrary, the second person selects paper for the first round, forms a clenched hand for the second round, chooses scissors for the third round, forms a clenched hand once again for the fourth round, and selects paper for the fifth round.
Two individuals engage in a game of rock-paper-scissors. The first individual consistently uses his left hand for the initial four rounds, and his right hand for the fifth round. Similarly, the second individual also uses his left hand for the first four rounds, and his right hand for the fifth round. The actions of the first individual are as follows: he makes a fist for the first round, chooses paper for the second round, selects scissors for the third round, makes a fist again for the fourth round, and chooses paper for the fifth round. On the other hand, the second individual chooses paper for the first round, makes a fist for the second round, selects scissors for the third round, makes a fist again for the fourth round, and chooses paper for the fifth round.